Update abapEnvironmentAddons.md: Unable to update target vectors with unchanged SWC version (#3392)
SAP/jenkins-library: documentation/docs/scenarios/abapEnvironmentAddons.md

- The given version will be used as part of the target vector
- If there exists NO delivery package with the given version in AAKaaS the build of this package is performed

> As a result, if the `addonVersion` is increased but references a software component (repository) `version` for which a delivery package has already been built, no new delivery package is built but only a new target vector is created. During add-on update the import of such a target vector that does not reference any new software component versions, the update of already software components is skipped.

Reviewer: Something is missing in the last sentence

If the `version` of a software component is increased but not the `addonVersion`, a package is build but no new target vector is created, meaning the new package cannot be deployed.

> If the add-on product consists of multiple software component versions , but only for one of them the `version` is increased (together with a new `commitID`), only for this software component version a new package is created. If at the same time the `addonVersion` was increased a new target Vector is created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the add-on product consists of multiple software component versions, but only for one of them the `version` is increased (together with a new `commitID`), only for this software component version a new package will be created. If, at the same time, the `addonVersion` is increased a new target Vector will be created.
```
